---
layout: general
title: Richard Lanyon - Speaking Events
categories: [appearances]
section: appearances
---

# Speaking Events:
I would be pleased to make a presentation to your group about my book or other relevant urban water topic such as, Lake Michigan, Calumet and Chicago Rivers, or Asian carp. My standard presentation is geared for 50 minutes, but I can be tailored to meet your needs. The listed events below are about the book, unless otherwise noted.

----

The book has been recognized as the single best new book published in the field of public works history by the Chicago Metro Chapter of the American Public Works Association. I will be accepting this award onThursday, April 4, 2013, at a luncheon at the Medinah Shrine Center, 550 Shriners Drive, Addison, IL 60101

---

Wednesday, April 17, 2013, 7:00 p.m. at the Oak Park Public Library, 834 Lake Street, Oak Park, IL 60301. With artist Lindsay Olson, a dual presentation of her art Manufactured River and my book. 

----

Thursday, April 18, 2013, 7:00 p.m. at the Chicago Ridge Public Library, 10400 Oxford Avenue, Chicago Ridge, IL 60415. This will be a 50-minute presentation about Asian carp and separation of the watersheds in Chicago. 

----

Wednesday, April 24, 2013, 6:30 p.m. at a meeting of the Underwater Archaeological Society of Chicago, at the Chicago Maritime Society home in the Helix Building, 310 South Racine Avenue, 6th Floor, Chicago, IL 60607. 


----

Wednesday, May 8, 2013, 2:00 p.m. at the Romeoville Branch of the White Oak Library District, 201 North Normantown Road, Romeoville, IL 60446.

----

Tuesday, May 21, 2013, 1:30 p.m. at a conference of the American Society of Civil Engineers, World Environmental and Water Resources Congress, at the Duke Energy Convention Center, 525 Elm Street, Cincinnati, OH 45202. This is a 30-minute presentation about the book. 

----




